thank you for visiting our channel to
the okemo to show you guys how you can
upgrade your XBMC 11 dot 0 3 211 dot 0
for that just got launched today without
losing your data which is inside of your
XBMC now they have made it a lot
painless so i'm going to show you guys
in order to process this you do have to
jailbreak your apple TV 2 and also you
need to ssh neetu TV or if you already
have atv flash black you just have to
install that and you can go through it
to install XBMC through that but today I
came out to show you guys how you can
upgrade your XBMC older version which is
1103 into a newer version 11 dot 04 and
very quick steps in order to process
this I am going to show you guys first
that i do have XBMC already installed
and i am running 1103 so i already have
installed ice film that's one part in
the second thing is fusion server which
is part of XBMC up calm now fusion
server is already here too now what I'm
going to do is exit out of XBMC and as
just going to refresh itself it'll go
back to the main screen now in order to
upgrade use your remote control click on
new TV going to install software scroll
down till you see XBMC a TV too don't
worry about the left hand side at the
bottom just click on at one time when
this comes up you can see that the
version it seizes 1104 just click
install basically what this does is it
will just go up and it checks if you are
missing any files except that it just
grabs the updated version and just comes
up if this is your first time installing
XBMC you don't see that part of it on a
top it says press menu to exit it will
just reboot itself since I already have
it the latest one installed it just
refreshes itself so this is not going to
affect anything and it's a lot faster
and painless so once it's up we will go
back into XBMC and we will launch it and
once it comes up I'm just going into
video and then add ons my eyes films is
there and if I get out and then go into
system and file manager my fusion server
from XBMC hub comp is also there so this
is how easy it is to just upgrade
alright so today I came out to show you
guys how you can upgrade your XBMC from
11 dot 0 3 2 11 dot 0 4 and a lot
easier and faster steps true neotv on
your apple TV 2 I hope you guys like my
video if you do like it click the click
the like button subscribe button on a
top comment and a bottom always remember
to visit our own website also like us on
Facebook Follow us on Twitter and thank
you